WE’RE KEEPING OUR EYES OUT, CHRIS.
CHRIS. >> KEITH ELLISON, THANK YOU.
>> KEITH ELLISON, THANK YOU. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >>> MY NEXT GUEST IS A LONG TIME
>>> MY NEXT GUEST IS A LONG TIME REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST WHO JUST
REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST WHO JUST QUIT THE GOP AFTER ALMOST 30
QUIT THE GOP AFTER ALMOST 30 YEARS OVER THE PRESIDENT’S
YEARS OVER THE PRESIDENT’S IMMIGRATION POLICY.
IMMIGRATION POLICY. IN A TWEET STORM LAST WEEK,
IN A TWEET STORM LAST WEEK, STEVE SCHMIDT WROTE THIS
STEVE SCHMIDT WROTE THIS INDEPENDENT PARTY WILL BE
INDEPENDENT PARTY WILL BE ALIGNED WITH THE ONLY PARTY LEFT
ALIGNED WITH THE ONLY PARTY LEFT IN AMERICA THAT STANDS FOR WHAT
IN AMERICA THAT STANDS FOR WHAT IS RIGHT AND DECENT.
IS RIGHT AND DECENT. THAT PARTY IS THE DEMOCRATIC
THAT PARTY IS THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
PARTY. AND MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR STEVE
AND MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR STEVE SCHMIDT JOINS ME RIGHT HERE.
SCHMIDT JOINS ME RIGHT HERE. >> GOOD TO SEE YOU CHRIS.
>> GOOD TO SEE YOU CHRIS. >> FIRST I WANT TO TALK ABOUT
>> FIRST I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THAT.
THAT. THE KIND OF BREAKING POINT FOR
THE KIND OF BREAKING POINT FOR YOU.
YOU. YOU’VE BEEN A NEVER TRUMPER.
YOU’VE BEEN A NEVER TRUMPER. THAT’S BEEN CLEAR.
THAT’S BEEN CLEAR. TES A GROUP OF PEOPLE THAT I
TES A GROUP OF PEOPLE THAT I THINK HAVE VERY STRONG VIEWS
THINK HAVE VERY STRONG VIEWS ABOUT THIS INDIVIDUAL, THIS
ABOUT THIS INDIVIDUAL, THIS PRESIDENT AND HIS CHARACTER.
PRESIDENT AND HIS CHARACTER. THEN THERE’S A QUESTION AT WHICH
THEN THERE’S A QUESTION AT WHICH POINT THAT BECOMES TRUE ABOUT
POINT THAT BECOMES TRUE ABOUT EVERYONE IN LEAGUE WITH HIM.
EVERYONE IN LEAGUE WITH HIM. WHAT WAS THE BREAKING POINT FOR
WHAT WAS THE BREAKING POINT FOR YOU?
YOU? >> I HAD THE EXPERIENCE ON JUNE
>> I HAD THE EXPERIENCE ON JUNE 5th STANDING ON JUNO BEACH AND
5th STANDING ON JUNO BEACH AND SPENDING TIME IN THE CANADIAN
SPENDING TIME IN THE CANADIAN CEMETERY SPENDING TIME AT
CEMETERY SPENDING TIME AT PEGASUS BRIDGE WHERE THE BRITISH
PEGASUS BRIDGE WHERE THE BRITISH 6th AIRBORNE WENT IN AND
6th AIRBORNE WENT IN AND UNDERSTANDING THE VALUE OF THE
UNDERSTANDING THE VALUE OF THE U.S.-LED LIBERAL GLOBAL ORDER
U.S.-LED LIBERAL GLOBAL ORDER THAT EMERGED FROM THE AFTERMATH
THAT EMERGED FROM THE AFTERMATH OF HUMANITY’S GREATEST TRAGEDY
OF HUMANITY’S GREATEST TRAGEDY WHICH KILLED 80 MILLION PEOPLE
WHICH KILLED 80 MILLION PEOPLE AND LEFT THE WORLD IN RUINS.
AND LEFT THE WORLD IN RUINS. THAT LIBERAL GLOBAL ORDER IS
THAT LIBERAL GLOBAL ORDER IS WORTH DEFENDING.
WORTH DEFENDING. THIS PRESIDENT IS AN AUTOCRAT.
THIS PRESIDENT IS AN AUTOCRAT. HE IS NOT A SMALL D DEMOCRAT.
HE IS NOT A SMALL D DEMOCRAT. HE DOESN’T BELIEVE IN LIBERAL
HE DOESN’T BELIEVE IN LIBERAL DEMOCRACY.
DEMOCRACY. AND WHAT WE’RE SEEING HERE EVERY
AND WHAT WE’RE SEEING HERE EVERY DAY ARE FIVE BEHAVIORS, ONE, HE
DAY ARE FIVE BEHAVIORS, ONE, HE INCITES FERVOR IN A BASE THROUGH
INCITES FERVOR IN A BASE THROUGH CONSTANT LYING.
CONSTANT LYING. TWO, HE SCAPEGOATS MINORITY
TWO, HE SCAPEGOATS MINORITY POPULATIONS AND HE AFFIXES BLAME
POPULATIONS AND HE AFFIXES BLAME FOR COMPLEX PROBLEMS TO THEM AND
FOR COMPLEX PROBLEMS TO THEM AND THEM ALONE.
THEM ALONE. THREE, HE ALLEGES CONSPIRACIES
THREE, HE ALLEGES CONSPIRACIES THAT ARE HIDDEN AND NEFARIOUS
THAT ARE HIDDEN AND NEFARIOUS AND LINKED TO THOSE SCAPEGOATED
AND LINKED TO THOSE SCAPEGOATED POPULATIONS.
POPULATIONS. FOUR, HE SPREADS A SENSE OF
FOUR, HE SPREADS A SENSE OF VICTIMIZATIONS AMONG THOSE FER
VICTIMIZATIONS AMONG THOSE FER PER VENT SUPPORTERS.
PER VENT SUPPORTERS. AND FIVE, HE AN SERS THE NEED TO
AND FIVE, HE AN SERS THE NEED TO EXERT HERETOFORE UNPRECEDENTED
EXERT HERETOFORE UNPRECEDENTED POWER TO PROTECT HIS VICTIM
POWER TO PROTECT HIS VICTIM CLASS FROM THE CONSPIRACIES AND
CLASS FROM THE CONSPIRACIES AND THE SCAPEGOATED POPULATIONS.
THE SCAPEGOATED POPULATIONS. THROUGH ALL OF HISTORY, YOU
THROUGH ALL OF HISTORY, YOU UNDERSTAND TOTALITARIANISM, YOU
UNDERSTAND TOTALITARIANISM, YOU UNDERSTAND HOW DEMOCRACIES FALL.
UNDERSTAND HOW DEMOCRACIES FALL. YOU WILL FIND THOSE FIVE
YOU WILL FIND THOSE FIVE BEHAVIORS.
BEHAVIORS. NOW, THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND
NOW, THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY I WOULD
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY I WOULD ARGUE AND YOU AND I DISAGREE ON
ARGUE AND YOU AND I DISAGREE ON MANY MANY THINGS BUT WE ARE
MANY MANY THINGS BUT WE ARE FIDELITIOUS TO LIBERAL
FIDELITIOUS TO LIBERAL DEMOCRACY.
DEMOCRACY. >> THAT’S TRUE.
>> THAT’S TRUE. >> THAT GOVERNMENT OF THE
>> THAT GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE
PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE MUST CONTINUE.
PEOPLE MUST CONTINUE. AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY ABDICATED, CONSERVATIVE MIX HAS
ABDICATED, CONSERVATIVE MIX HAS BECOME SYNONYM MUS WITH
BECOME SYNONYM MUS WITH OBEDIENCE TO THE LEADER A LEADER
OBEDIENCE TO THE LEADER A LEADER WHO SAYS I AM THE LAW.
WHO SAYS I AM THE LAW. I AM ABOVE THE LAW.
I AM ABOVE THE LAW. I WILL DEFINE WHAT TRUTH IS,
I WILL DEFINE WHAT TRUTH IS, TRUTH IS WHAT THE LEADER SAYS IT
TRUTH IS WHAT THE LEADER SAYS IT IS.
IS. NOT WHAT WE WOULD HAVE
NOT WHAT WE WOULD HAVE RECOGNIZED MONTHS AGO AS
RECOGNIZED MONTHS AGO AS OBJECTIVE TRUTH.
OBJECTIVE TRUTH. SO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY HAS
SO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY HAS BECOME A THREAT TO LIBERAL
BECOME A THREAT TO LIBERAL DEMOCRACY AND ALL OVER THE
DEMOCRACY AND ALL OVER THE WORLD, WE SEE A REGRESSION IN
WORLD, WE SEE A REGRESSION IN POLAND, IN HUNGARY, THE RISE OF
POLAND, IN HUNGARY, THE RISE OF FAR RIGHT ETH-NATIONALIST
FAR RIGHT ETH-NATIONALIST PARTIES AND THE LAST TIME THIS
PARTIES AND THE LAST TIME THIS HAPPENED, IT UNLEASHED A TRAGEDY
HAPPENED, IT UNLEASHED A TRAGEDY THE LIKES OF WHICH THE WORLD HAS
THE LIKES OF WHICH THE WORLD HAS NEVER SEEN.
NEVER SEEN. AND I THINK THERE’S A REAL LACK
AND I THINK THERE’S A REAL LACK OF IMAGINATION IN THIS COUNTRY
OF IMAGINATION IN THIS COUNTRY ABOUT HOW FRAGILE THESE
ABOUT HOW FRAGILE THESE INSTITUTIONS ARE AND ABOUT HOW
INSTITUTIONS ARE AND ABOUT HOW DANGEROUS A PRESIDENT IS
DANGEROUS A PRESIDENT IS UNPREPARED AS AUTHORITARIAN AS
UNPREPARED AS AUTHORITARIAN AS IGNORANT AS HE THE DAMAGE THAT
IGNORANT AS HE THE DAMAGE THAT HE WOULD BE ABLE TO CAUSE.
HE WOULD BE ABLE TO CAUSE. >> THAT’S INCREDIBLY WELL SAID.
>> THAT’S INCREDIBLY WELL SAID. AND WHEN I THINK ABOUT THIS AND
AND WHEN I THINK ABOUT THIS AND YOU THINK ABOUT THOSE BEHAVIORS
YOU THINK ABOUT THOSE BEHAVIORS THEY
THEY EEM SO OBVIOUS.
EEM SO OBVIOUS. AND HERE YOU HAVE TODAY THE
AND HERE YOU HAVE TODAY THE COURT, THIS IS WHAT I FOUND SO
COURT, THIS IS WHAT I FOUND SO FASCINATING ABOUT THE COURT’S
FASCINATING ABOUT THE COURT’S DECISION TODAY.
DECISION TODAY. IF DONALD TRUMP WASN’T DONALD
IF DONALD TRUMP WASN’T DONALD TRUMP AND PRESIDENT MARCO RUBIO
TRUMP AND PRESIDENT MARCO RUBIO ON KAY ONE PUTS IN THIS BAN, IT
ON KAY ONE PUTS IN THIS BAN, IT ALMOST CERTAINLY IT’S NOT EVEN A
ALMOST CERTAINLY IT’S NOT EVEN A QUESTION.
QUESTION. THE QUESTION IS, DOES WHAT THIS
THE QUESTION IS, DOES WHAT THIS GUY HAS SAID AND THE BIGOTRY
GUY HAS SAID AND THE BIGOTRY HE’S ESPOUSED TAINT IN A KINDS
HE’S ESPOUSED TAINT IN A KINDS OF UNFIXABLE WAY
OF UNFIXABLE WAY CONSTITUTIONALLY THIS BAN.
CONSTITUTIONALLY THIS BAN. WE ALL SAW IT HAPPEN IN
WE ALL SAW IT HAPPEN IN REALTIME.
REALTIME. IT’S REMARKABLE YOU HAVE GORSUCH
IT’S REMARKABLE YOU HAVE GORSUCH AND ROBERTS WHO IS SOMETHING YOU
AND ROBERTS WHO IS SOMETHING YOU WORKED ON HIS CONFIRMATION.
WORKED ON HIS CONFIRMATION. >> I LED THE CONFIRMATION.
>> I LED THE CONFIRMATION. >> BEAK DOING A KIND OF
>> BEAK DOING A KIND OF SOPHISTICATED VERSION OF THE
SOPHISTICATED VERSION OF THE PAUL RYAN I DIDN’T READ THE
PAUL RYAN I DIDN’T READ THE TWEET.
TWEET. THEY ALL READ THE PAPER AND SO
THEY ALL READ THE PAPER AND SO THE FACTS OF THE CASE.
THE FACTS OF THE CASE. >> THE INTENT WAS PERFECTLY
>> THE INTENT WAS PERFECTLY CLEAR.
CLEAR. THIS WAS A RELIGIOUS TEST.
THIS WAS A RELIGIOUS TEST. THIS WAS A RELIGIOUS BAN.
THIS WAS A RELIGIOUS BAN. THIS WAS WHAT HE SAID IT WAS.
THIS WAS WHAT HE SAID IT WAS. WE SHOULD TAKE HIM SERIOUSLY
WE SHOULD TAKE HIM SERIOUSLY WHEN HE SAYS THINGS.
WHEN HE SAYS THINGS. AND SO THIS IS AS UN-AMERICAN A
AND SO THIS IS AS UN-AMERICAN A POLICY AS WE HAVE EVER SEEN.
POLICY AS WE HAVE EVER SEEN. WE HAVE FREEDOM OF RELIGION IN
WE HAVE FREEDOM OF RELIGION IN THIS COUNTRY.
THIS COUNTRY. AND THIS IS ALSO TRUE.
AND THIS IS ALSO TRUE. THIS DECISION HARMS THE NATIONAL
THIS DECISION HARMS THE NATIONAL SECURITY OF THIS COUNTRY IN A
SECURITY OF THIS COUNTRY IN A PROFOUND WAY.
PROFOUND WAY. THE FORCES OF ISLAMIC RADICALISM
THE FORCES OF ISLAMIC RADICALISM OF EXTREMISM ARE REAL AND
OF EXTREMISM ARE REAL AND DANGEROUS.
DANGEROUS. BUT THE ONLY FORCE THAT CAN
BUT THE ONLY FORCE THAT CAN DEFEAT IT IS MODERATE ISLAM.
DEFEAT IT IS MODERATE ISLAM. THIS WAS A GIFT TO THE
THIS WAS A GIFT TO THE EXTREMISTS.
EXTREMISTS. THIS WAS A FULFILLMENT OF BIN
THIS WAS A FULFILLMENT OF BIN LADEN’S STRATEGY WHICH WAS TO
LADEN’S STRATEGY WHICH WAS TO PRECIPITATE A GLOBAL CONFLICT, A
PRECIPITATE A GLOBAL CONFLICT, A WAR OF CIVILIZATIONS BETWEEN THE
WAR OF CIVILIZATIONS BETWEEN THE WEST AND BETWEEN ISLAM.
WEST AND BETWEEN ISLAM. WE DON’T WANT TO BE AT WAR WITH
WE DON’T WANT TO BE AT WAR WITH A BILLION MUSLIMS ALL OVER THE
A BILLION MUSLIMS ALL OVER THE WORLD IN A 21st CENTURY CRUSADE.
WORLD IN A 21st CENTURY CRUSADE. SO THE STIGMATIZING OF GOOD AND
SO THE STIGMATIZING OF GOOD AND DECENT PEOPLE IN THE INSULT
DECENT PEOPLE IN THE INSULT GIVEN TO THE MUSLIM SOLDIERS WHO
GIVEN TO THE MUSLIM SOLDIERS WHO HAVE SERVED THIS COUNTRY, WHO
HAVE SERVED THIS COUNTRY, WHO HAVE SACRIFICED, IT IS
HAVE SACRIFICED, IT IS APPALLING.
APPALLING. > THERE’S ALSO A SIMILARITY HERE
> THERE’S ALSO A SIMILARITY HERE THAT STRIKES ME WHAT’S HAPPENING
THAT STRIKES ME WHAT’S HAPPENING ON THE BORDER AND HERE.
ON THE BORDER AND HERE. IN BOTH CASES THE PRESIDENT
IN BOTH CASES THE PRESIDENT TALKS ABOUT MS-13 AND I.C.E.
TALKS ABOUT MS-13 AND I.C.E. THOSE ARE TWO GROUPS GENUINELY
THOSE ARE TWO GROUPS GENUINELY IVL.
IVL. THERE’S NO REAL SUPPORTS ARE OF
THERE’S NO REAL SUPPORTS ARE OF THEM.
THEM. WHAT HE DOES POLICY WISE IS
WHAT HE DOES POLICY WISE IS PEOPLE FLEEING I.C.E. FROM SYRIA
PEOPLE FLEEING I.C.E. FROM SYRIA AND PEOPLE FLEEING THE MURDERS
AND PEOPLE FLEEING THE MURDERS IN GUATEMALA TRYING TO FLEE TO
IN GUATEMALA TRYING TO FLEE TO THIS COUNTRY, THOSE ARE THE
THIS COUNTRY, THOSE ARE THE PEOPLE THAT END UP CAUGHT IN THE
PEOPLE THAT END UP CAUGHT IN THE GEARS OF HIS DEMONIZATION OF
GEARS OF HIS DEMONIZATION OF THOSE GROUPS.
THOSE GROUPS. >> YOU LOOK AT REGRESSION OF
>> YOU LOOK AT REGRESSION OF DEMOCRACY TO AN OUGHTOCRACY.
DEMOCRACY TO AN OUGHTOCRACY. ALL THROUGH HISTORY, WHEN YOU
ALL THROUGH HISTORY, WHEN YOU LOOK AT VIOLATIONS OF CIVIL
LOOK AT VIOLATIONS OF CIVIL LIBERTIES THEY HAVE ALWAYS
LIBERTIES THEY HAVE ALWAYS OCCURRED THROUGH A PRISM OF
OCCURRED THROUGH A PRISM OF FEAR, FEAR IS A CONTAGION.
FEAR, FEAR IS A CONTAGION. IT ERODES DEMOCRATIC VALUES AND
IT ERODES DEMOCRATIC VALUES AND INSTITUTIONS BUT ALWAYS IN THE
INSTITUTIONS BUT ALWAYS IN THE NAME OF SECURITY THAT CIVIL
NAME OF SECURITY THAT CIVIL LISHES ARE COL PRO MIZED AND
LISHES ARE COL PRO MIZED AND THAT LESSON HAS BEEN LEARNED
THAT LESSON HAS BEEN LEARNED THROUGH HISTORY.
THROUGH HISTORY. AND HERE WE ARE REPEATING IT
AND HERE WE ARE REPEATING IT AGAIN.
AGAIN. AND THE MORAL SHAME THAT COMES
AND THE MORAL SHAME THAT COMES FROM INTERNMENT CAMPS AND
FROM INTERNMENT CAMPS AND PRECISELY WHAT THEY ARE FOR
PRECISELY WHAT THEY ARE FOR TODDLERS AND CHILDREN WHO ARE
TODDLERS AND CHILDREN WHO ARE STRIPPED AWAY, SOME OF THOSE
STRIPPED AWAY, SOME OF THOSE CHILDREN STRIPPED AWAY FROM
CHILDREN STRIPPED AWAY FROM BREASTFEEDING MOTHERS, IT IS A
BREASTFEEDING MOTHERS, IT IS A SHAME THAT WILL LINGER A STENCH
SHAME THAT WILL LINGER A STENCH THAT WILL LINGER AROUND THIS
THAT WILL LINGER AROUND THIS VIAL ADMINISTRATION AND MY VIEW
VIAL ADMINISTRATION AND MY VIEW FOR A CENTURY.
FOR A CENTURY. >> IS THERE A -- IS THERE A
>> IS THERE A -- IS THERE A POLITICAL CONSTITUENCY OF VOTE
POLITICAL CONSTITUENCY OF VOTE IN OTHER WORDS THE COUNTRY THAT
IN OTHER WORDS THE COUNTRY THAT FEEL THE WAY YOU DO?
FEEL THE WAY YOU DO? I REALLY MEAN THIS.
I REALLY MEAN THIS. LIKE I DON’T KNOW IF THERE IS.
LIKE I DON’T KNOW IF THERE IS. THERE’S STEVE SCHMIDT.
THERE’S STEVE SCHMIDT. THERE’S NICOLLE WALLACE.
THERE’S NICOLLE WALLACE. THERE’S CHARLIE SYKES, PEOPLE
THERE’S CHARLIE SYKES, PEOPLE THAT EXIST IN THE WORLD AND BRET
THAT EXIST IN THE WORLD AND BRET STEPHENS.
STEPHENS. ARE THERE VOTERS WHO AT WHAT’S
ARE THERE VOTERS WHO AT WHAT’S HAPPENING AND SAY I’M A
HAPPENING AND SAY I’M A REPUBLICAN AND CAN’T ABIDE THIS.
REPUBLICAN AND CAN’T ABIDE THIS. I DON’T KNOW IF THEY EXIST.
I DON’T KNOW IF THEY EXIST. >> I THINK THERE ARE ACTS OF
>> I THINK THERE ARE ACTS OF KINDNESS AND DECENCY THAT TAKE
KINDNESS AND DECENCY THAT TAKE PLACE EVERY DAY IN THIS COUNTRY.
PLACE EVERY DAY IN THIS COUNTRY. I THINK ABOUT THE LAS VEGAS
I THINK ABOUT THE LAS VEGAS SHOOTING WHERE JOHNNY SMITH,
SHOOTING WHERE JOHNNY SMITH, 33-YEAR-OLD AFRICAN-AMERICAN
33-YEAR-OLD AFRICAN-AMERICAN RUNS INTO A HAIL OF GUNFIRE.
RUNS INTO A HAIL OF GUNFIRE. HE SAVES 33 PEOPLE’S LIVES.
HE SAVES 33 PEOPLE’S LIVES. HE’S RUNNING TOWARDS A GROUP OF
HE’S RUNNING TOWARDS A GROUP OF SCHOOL KIDS TO SAVE THEM AND
SCHOOL KIDS TO SAVE THEM AND HE’S SHOT TWICE IN THE NECK.
HE’S SHOT TWICE IN THE NECK. AND THEN A WHITE COP RUNS INTO
AND THEN A WHITE COP RUNS INTO THE GUNFIRE TO SAVE JOHNNY
THE GUNFIRE TO SAVE JOHNNY SMITH’S LIFE.
SMITH’S LIFE. THAT IS ALSO AMERICA.
THAT IS ALSO AMERICA. THE AUTHOR ALEX HALEY HAD A
THE AUTHOR ALEX HALEY HAD A SAYING, HE SAID FIND THE GOOD
SAYING, HE SAID FIND THE GOOD AND PRAISE IT.
AND PRAISE IT. NOBODY CAN COMPETE WITH DONALD
NOBODY CAN COMPETE WITH DONALD TRUMP IN A VILENESS CONTEST.
TRUMP IN A VILENESS CONTEST. HE’S THE MOST VIAL.
HE’S THE MOST VIAL. NOBODY CAN COMPETE WITH DONALD
NOBODY CAN COMPETE WITH DONALD TRUMP IN A DISHONESTY CONTEST.
TRUMP IN A DISHONESTY CONTEST. BECAUSE HE’S THE MOST DISHONESTY
BECAUSE HE’S THE MOST DISHONESTY HONEST.
HONEST. WE HAVE TO FIND THE GOOD AND
WE HAVE TO FIND THE GOOD AND PRAISE IT IN THIS COUNTRY.
PRAISE IT IN THIS COUNTRY. FREE MARKET AMERICAN CAPITALISM
FREE MARKET AMERICAN CAPITALISM IS WORTH DEFENDING IN MY VIEW.
IS WORTH DEFENDING IN MY VIEW. LIBERAL DEMOCRACY IS WORTH
LIBERAL DEMOCRACY IS WORTH DEFENDING.
DEFENDING. THE U.S.-LED LIBERAL GLOBAL
THE U.S.-LED LIBERAL GLOBAL ORDER DESPITE ALL OF ITS FLAWS,
ORDER DESPITE ALL OF ITS FLAWS, IT HAS SECURED THE PEACE, IT HAS
IT HAS SECURED THE PEACE, IT HAS LIFTED BILLIONS OF PEOPLE ON THE
LIFTED BILLIONS OF PEOPLE ON THE PLANET OUT OF ABJECT POVERTY
PLANET OUT OF ABJECT POVERTY INTO SOMETHING APPROACHING
INTO SOMETHING APPROACHING PROSPERITY OVER THE LAST 73
PROSPERITY OVER THE LAST 73 YEARS.
YEARS. ALL OF THIS IS WORTH DEFENDING.
ALL OF THIS IS WORTH DEFENDING. IT WAS ARCHITECTED BY GIANTS.
IT WAS ARCHITECTED BY GIANTS. CONCEIVED BY FDR.
CONCEIVED BY FDR. BUILT BY A PLAIN SPOKEN MAN FROM
BUILT BY A PLAIN SPOKEN MAN FROM INDEPENDENCE, MISSOURI, HARRY
INDEPENDENCE, MISSOURI, HARRY TRUMAN.
TRUMAN. STEWARDED FROM JOHN KENNEDY TO
STEWARDED FROM JOHN KENNEDY TO RONALD REAGAN TO BARACK OBAMA
RONALD REAGAN TO BARACK OBAMA AND THE DEPARTURE FROM IT BY
AND THE DEPARTURE FROM IT BY THIS PRESIDENT, HIS FEATHER
THIS PRESIDENT, HIS FEATHER SIZING AUTOCRATS FROM ERDOGAN TO
SIZING AUTOCRATS FROM ERDOGAN TO PUTIN TO PRESIDENT XI IS
PUTIN TO PRESIDENT XI IS DISTURBING.
DISTURBING. OUR ALLIES WHO WE ARE CONNECTED
OUR ALLIES WHO WE ARE CONNECTED TO BY SHARED HISTORY AND VALUES
TO BY SHARED HISTORY AND VALUES ARE RIGHTLY CONCERNED.
ARE RIGHTLY CONCERNED. BUT I DO BELIEVE THAT THE
BUT I DO BELIEVE THAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DON’T WANT TO
AMERICAN PEOPLE DON’T WANT TO LIVE IN TRUMP I STAN.
LIVE IN TRUMP I STAN. THEY WANT TO CONTINUE LIVING IN
THEY WANT TO CONTINUE LIVING IN AMERICA.
AMERICA. THIS IS A FUNDAMENTAL QUESTION
THIS IS A FUNDAMENTAL QUESTION IN 2018.
IN 2018. THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT
THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT MIDTERM ELECTION INCOME AMERICAN
MIDTERM ELECTION INCOME AMERICAN HISTORY.
HISTORY. BECAUSE IF THIS IS NOT
BECAUSE IF THIS IS NOT REPUDIATED IN NOVEMBER, THIS
REPUDIATED IN NOVEMBER, THIS COUNTRY’S GOING DOWN A TRACK OF
COUNTRY’S GOING DOWN A TRACK OF NOT JUST DECLINE BUT A
NOT JUST DECLINE BUT A FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE THAT WILL BE
FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE THAT WILL BE VERY, VERY DIFFICULT TO CHANGE
VERY, VERY DIFFICULT TO CHANGE THE TRAJECTORY THAT WE’RE ON.